DOCS-3209: PrestaShop 1.7 update installation/upgrading section (#2082)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integration/ready-made/prestashop-1-7/_index.md

3. Click **Upload a module**.

> 4. Select the Plugin_PrestaShop.zip file, and then click **Configure**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the Plugin_PrestaShop.zip file, and then click **Configure**.
5. Clear your cache.
```

> Please always make sure to clean your cache after installing to prevent any issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

4. Install and configure the new plugin following the instructions below.
5. Only uninstall the older plugin when you're sure that orders created with the new plugin are being processed successfully. 

> If you are upgrading from 5.x to a newer version, please check [Updating the plugin](/prestashop-1-7/updates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If upgrading from 5.x to a newer version, see [Updating the plugin](/prestashop-1-7/updates).
```
